modify the doc "scale" (#297)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/deploy/operate/scale.md

    The `--node` parameter is the ID of the node to be taken offline.

    If you see the message "Scaled cluster in successfully", it means that the scale-in operation is successfully completed.
    

>     Besides, since the scale-in process takes some time, the status of the node to be taken offline became `Tombstone` also indicates that the scale-in operation is successfully completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Besides, since the scale-in process takes some time, the status of the node to be taken offline became `Tombstone` also indicates that the scale-in operation is successfully completed.
```
为什么要用 since 呢？这句话有因果关系吗？没有读出来呢。另外，后半句 ‘’became " 和 “indicates ”，两个谓语，感觉有些读不通呢

Author: 这句的中文应该是想表达：另外，由于缩容过程需要花费一些时间，因此，需要删除的节点的状态变成 “Tombstone” 也能表示缩容成功。

 改成下面这样，把句子拆分为两句，是否能表达地更加清晰一些呢？ @Liuxiaozhen12 

```suggestion
    Besides, if the status of the node to be taken offline became `Tombstone`, it also indicates that the scale-in operation is successfully completed because the scale-in process takes some time.
```

>     Besides, since the scale-in process takes some time, the status of the node to be taken offline became `Tombstone` also indicates that the scale-in operation is successfully completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Besides, if the status of the node to be taken offline becomes `Tombstone`, it also indicates that the scale-in operation is successfully completed because the scale-in process takes some time.
```

Reviewer: rest LGTM~

| 10.0.1.6 | TiKV    |
| 10.0.1.7 | TiKV    |
| 10.0.1.8 | TiKV    |

> | 10.0.1.9 | PD      |

Reviewer: 为什么有的最后一行加粗了有的没有呢？为什么要加粗呀？

Author: 有些部分进行加粗是因为想强调该部分是通过上述操作成功扩容的，如果操作内容是缩容的话，对应的节点是被删而无法显示在文本中，所以没有进行加粗处理~
